BFF Rc2 doc updates (#900)
DuendeSoftware/docs.duendesoftware.com: src/content/docs/bff/fundamentals/multi-frontend/index.mdx

that happens in the application is relative to the path of the frontend. This also includes the OpenID callback paths. 
:::

> ### Implicit frontend disabled
> 
> When you don't add any frontends, then the BFF creates an 'implicit' default frontend. This allows the BFF to function correctly in 'single frontend' mode.
> As soon as you add a frontend, then this 'implicit' frontend is disabled. 
> 
> This means that, if you want to use both explicitly matching frontends (on host headers or paths) and a default (fallback) frontend, that you should explicitly add
> this default frontend. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Implicit Frontend Disabled

When you don't add any frontends, BFF creates an implicit default frontend. This allows BFF to function correctly in single frontend mode. As soon as you add a frontend, this implicit frontend is disabled. 

If you want to use both explicitly matching frontends (on host headers or paths) and a default (fallback) frontend, you should explicitly add this default frontend. 
```

var frontend = new BffFrontend(BffFrontendName.Parse("frontend1"))
   .WithRemoteApis(
      // map the local path /path to the remote api
      new RemoteApi("/some_path", new Uri("https://remote-api")))

      // You can also configure various options, such as the type of token,
      // retrieval parameters, etc.. 
      new RemoteApi("/with_options", new Uri("https://remote-api")))
        .WithAccessToken(RequiredTokenType.UserOrClient),
        .WithAccessTokenRetriever<ImpersonationAccessTokenRetriever>(),
        .WithUserAccessTokenParameters(new BffUserAccessTokenParameters { Resource = Resource.Parse("urn:isolated-api") }));
```

See the topic on [Token Management](/bff/fundamentals/tokens.md) for more information about the various token management options. 

> ## Handling SPA static assets
> 
> The BFF can be configured to handle the static file assets that are typically used when developing SPA based apps. 
> 
> ### Proxying the Index.HTML only

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Handling SPA Static Assets

BFF can be configured to handle the static file assets that are typically used when developing Single-Page Application (SPA)-based app. 

### Proxying Only `index.html`
```

When deploying a multi-frontend BFF, it makes most sense to have the frontend's configured with an `index.html` file that is retrieved from a Content Delivery Network (CDN). 

> This can be done in various ways. For example, if you use Vite, you can publish static assets with a 'base' configured. This will make sure that any static asset,
> (such as images, scripts, etc) are retrieved directly from the CDN. This gives the best performance. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This can be done in various ways. For example, if you use Vite, you can publish static assets with a base URL configured. This will make sure that any static asset, (such as images, scripts, etc) are retrieved directly from the CDN for best performance.
```
